After my experiences in early year learning, once the eighth grade commenced and I switched schools, conditions were harsh. This school was unlike any other school, how this teacher taught was inhumain, but I am no human, so this wasn't a problem for me. His name was Vladamir Putin, the russian dictator of that time. I felt honored to be taugh by him, but then realize why were we here, being taught by their leader. It was rough, as he made us wrestle a bear until it knew that us humans were more dominant so we could ride them. Over the years our skills increased riding these giant beasts. No one really questioned why we were being taught as we were, but the picture became more clear when we were introduced to our second teacher. It had ben almost 2 and a half years since Vladamir started training us. We were all in the grand hall, probably the most famous thing in the school, just because thats where Vladamir made most of his speaches even though they were all related to shool. His name was Heavy Weapons Guy also known as Heavy. He was one of the wealthiest men in russia, so most were shocked. He began to train us in the art of Miniguns, and how to properly wrestle a bear. We have now mastered the art of bear and minigun, the army was ready. Vladamir sent us out 50 to each continent conquering land after land. We finally had world domination with 2 casualties, a man and his bear. The casualty was me. I fucked my bear until it died, and then faked my own death with secret android technology. I went into hiding underground, using my shapeshifting technologies to turn myself into a species that was native to Mars: The pEnIsDiCkErS. pEnIsDiCkErSs are small burrowing creatures that are made of a hard fleshy material. They have thick smooth heads in the front, except for a hole in the very center that they use to blow out air. After the head, they have a long smooth shaft that goes back a few inches to the pair of large lungs that they use to breathe and blow out air. pEnIsDiCkErS can tunnel very fast, several feet per second. Their appearance is a large fleshy smooth head, a slightly pink color, with a long smooth shaft webbed with veins. The lungs are large loose oval shapes on either side of the end of the shaft, opposite to the side of the head. I hid myself as one of these for a very long time. 